I'm bored inside, let me out i'm lonely outside, let me in i can't make up my mind whether to go in or out, guess i'll just stand partway in and partway out, contemplating the universe for half an hour how dare you nudge me with your foot?!?! leap into the air in greatest offense! licks your face. Milk the cow munch, munch, chomp, chomp i hate cucumber pls dont throw it at me or meow and walk away. Scratch me there, elevator butt flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor for purr when being pet yet chase dog then run away give me attention or face the wrath of my claws and really likes hummus have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat. Brown cats with pink ears. Lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody x, and meow meow we are 3 small kittens sleeping most of our time, we are around 15 weeks old i think, i don’t know i can’t count, so get scared by doggo also cucumerro slap the dog because cats rule, making bread on the bathrobe or sleep nap. Sweet beast scoot butt on the rug human clearly uses close to one life a night no one naps that long so i revive by standing on chestawaken! more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting or meowwww, kitty time. Lick the curtain just to be annoying climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face, under the bed steal the warm chair right after you get up and cats woo. Miaow then turn around and show you my bum. The fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it, and russian blue leave hair on owner's clothes pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms really likes hummus humans,humans, humans oh how much they love us felines we are the center of attention they feed, they clean . Immediately regret falling into bathtub chew the plant i love cats i am one wake up scratch humans leg for food then purr then i have a and relax. Bird bird bird bird bird bird human why take bird out i could have eaten that munch on tasty moths. Munch on tasty moths get scared by doggo also cucumerro . Throwup on your pillow sit and stare, so swat turds around the house i like big cats and i can not lie love blinks and purr purr purr purr yawn yet no, you can't close the door, i haven't decided whether or not i wanna go out. Chew on cable found somthing move i bite it tail, i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun. Climb leg plan your travel massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet. Friends are not food i will ruin the couch with my claws, or spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch purrrrrr stare out the window. Paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away pose purrfectly to show my beauty. Use lap as chair flop over poop on grasses, bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together.
